PivotGrid: Update Field Chooser demo descriptions (#998)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/PivotGrid/IntegratedFieldChooser/description.md

> The field chooser allows users to manage displayed pivot grid fields. You can configure the field chooser integrated into the PivotGrid or [use it as a standalone component](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/StandaloneFieldChooser/). This example demonstrates the integrated field chooser. To open the field chooser window, click the icon in the top-left corner or right-click a row or column header and select Show Field Chooser from the appeared context menu.

Reviewer: I would remove "displayed" and "appeared". Does "displayed" mean "visible"? I guess visibility changes are part of the management... And context menu is fine without "appeared".

```suggestion
The field chooser allows users to manage pivot grid fields. You can configure the field chooser integrated into the PivotGrid or [use it as a standalone component](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/StandaloneFieldChooser/). This example demonstrates the integrated field chooser. To open the field chooser window, click the icon in the top-left corner or right-click a row or column header and select Show Field Chooser from the context menu.
```

### Enable the Integrated Field Chooser

The integrated field chooser is configured in the [fieldChooser](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldChooser/) object. To enable the field chooser, set the object's [enabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldChooser/#enabled) property to **true**. This setting adds the Field Chooser icon to the PivotGrid and the Show Field Chooser command to the context menu.

### Organize Fields

The field chooser window displays five field sections:

- Row Fields
- Column Fields
- Data Fields
- Filter Fields
- All Fields

You can use the **fieldChooser**.[layout](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldChooser/#layout) property to arrange the sections in different ways.

> All Fields include fields declared in the [fields[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/) array and auto-generated fields as shown in this demo. If you want to hide the auto-generated fields, disable the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataSource).[retrieveFields](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/#retrieveFields) property. You can also hide any particular field if you disable its [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#visible) property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "All Fields" section includes fields declared in the [fields[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/) array and auto-generated fields as shown in this demo. If you want to hide the auto-generated fields, disable the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataSource).[retrieveFields](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/#retrieveFields) property. You can also hide any particular field if you disable its [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#visible) property.
```

> You can group All Fields for hierarchical display. Specify the same [displayFolder](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#displayFolder) for the fields that should be grouped together. In this demo, the hierarchy is built on the server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable hierarchical display in the All Fields section. Specify the same [displayFolder](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#displayFolder) for the fields that should be grouped together. In this demo, the hierarchy is built on the server. 
```

> Users can drag and drop fields between the sections. When users move a field to Row, Column, Data, or Filter Fields, it is added to the corresponding pivot grid area. To do the same programmatically, specify the field's [area](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area) property. If a field is intended to be moved to the Data Fields section only, enable the field's [isMeasure](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#isMeasure) property, and vice versa: disable the **isMeasure** property for fields that should never be in the Data Fields section. In this demo, these restrictions are specified on the server.

Reviewer 2: > When users move a field to Row, Column, Data, or Filter Fields, it is added to the corresponding pivot grid area.

Would not it be more clear to say 'to the Row, Column, Data, or Filter Field sections, the PivotGrid adds this field to the corresponding area.'

```suggestion
Users can drag and drop fields between the sections. When users move a field to the Row, Column, Data, or Filter Fields section, the PivotGrid adds this field to the corresponding area. To do the same programmatically, specify the field's [area](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area) property. If a field is intended to be moved to the Data Fields section only, enable the field's [isMeasure](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#isMeasure) property, and vice versa: disable the **isMeasure** property for fields that should never be in the Data Fields section. In this demo, these restrictions are specified on the server.
```

> After a user finishes moving fields between sections, the changes are applied immediately or after the user clicks OK. Use the **fieldChooser**.[applyChangesMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldChooser/#applyChangesMode) property to set the desired mode. In this demo, you can change this property at runtime.

Reviewer: Once I read "are applied immediately", I assume that's the only option. But then you say "or after"... This sounds a bit confusing. If I use "either ... or ... ", readers will anticipate two different options.

```suggestion
After a user finishes moving fields between sections, the changes can either be applied immediately or after the user clicks OK. Use the **fieldChooser**.[applyChangesMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldChooser/#applyChangesMode) property to set the desired mode. In this demo, you can change this property at runtime.
```

### Enable Search

> Users can search the All Fields section if you enable the **fieldChooser**.[allowSearch](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldChooser/#allowSearch) property as shown in this demo. In addtion, you can specify the [searchTimeout](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldChooser/#searchTimeout) property to delay the search.

Reviewer 2: >Users can search the All Fields section

Should it be search **in** the All Fields section?

```suggestion
Users can search in the All Fields section if you enable the **fieldChooser**.[allowSearch](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldChooser/#allowSearch) property as shown in this demo. In addtion, you can specify the [searchTimeout](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldChooser/#searchTimeout) property to delay the search.
```

> Users can search the All Fields section if you enable the **fieldChooser**.[allowSearch](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldChooser/#allowSearch) property as shown in this demo. In addtion, you can specify the [searchTimeout](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldChooser/#searchTimeout) property to delay the search.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users can search the All Fields section if you enable the **fieldChooser**.[allowSearch](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldChooser/#allowSearch) property as shown in this demo. In addition, you can specify the [searchTimeout](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldChooser/#searchTimeout) property to delay the search.
```
